# Data
Subject data should be stored in a directory named Subjects with sub-directories for each subject. For example, if the subject is '7', the .log file and it's associated watch data should be stored in 'Data/Subjects/7' as '7.log' and '[Wellness file name].fit'. Before processing subject data, the Python env must be created. All necessary Python libraries are included in 'requirements.txt'.

## Python File Info
* ChoiceTimeCalculator.py

Creates output files that show the 'facade pathway' each subject took during the experiment and how much time they spent on each facade.
IN: All subject .csv output files from FREDLogParser.py
OUT: 'Subjects/FacadeTimes.csv' and 'Subjects/FacadeChoiceLog.csv'

* FitReader.py

Takes single subject's processed .csv watch data file generated by running the included FitSDK javascript and turns it into a more streamlined R-friendly version of that same data.

IN: '[Wellness file name].csv'

OUT: 'Subjects/[Subject name]/[Subject name]_WatchEvent.csv'

* FREDLogParser.py

Takes raw output from Unreal log and turns it into a .csv with subject data from experiment.

IN: Subjects/[Subject name]/[Subject name]

OUT: Subjects/[Subject name]/[Subject name].csv

* FredPlotter.py

Takes processed .csv from FREDLogParser.py and creates a 3D graph for subject movement. Mostly used for testing and verifying the system worked correctly.

IN: Subjects/[Subject name]/[Subject name]

OUT: NA

## BAT File Info
* RunAllScripts.bat

Runs all subject data scripts in the proper order. Set desired individual subject data in .bat file before running.

* RunLogScripts.bat

Runs Unreal log file scripts. Set desired individual subject data in .bat file before running.

* RunWatchScripts.bat

Runs all watch scripts in the proper order. Set desired individual subject data in .bat file before running.


## Notes

When adding subjects:
1. Put watch and HoloLens output file in subject dir
2. Edit and run RunAllScripts.bat
3. Upload IPad stuff (Audio, consent form, picture of notes)
4. Update mega log on Teams
5. Replace local log with Teams log
6. Convert new local log to .csv
7. Run ChoiceTimeCalculator.py
8. Pull updated Qualtrics info to local
9. Run R Script to generate new output files and graphs

=========================================================================

Python 3.8

To run scripts, first enter python virtual environment by running activate.bat in env\Scripts

env\Scripts\activate.bat

To leave, call deactivate

deactivate

=========================================================================